Documentation updates for table component (#1116)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/code/how-to-use.md

For the sortable table, the invocation and use is a little bit different:

> 1. Shape the data model for use; we've placed it in the page‘s route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Shape the data model for use; we’ve placed it in the page’s route.
```

> 1. Shape the data model for use; we've placed it in the page‘s route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Shape the data model for use; we’ve placed it in the page‘s route.
```

>     - In this example, we're identifying the column headers (keys) and also capitalizing them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In this example, we’re identifying the column headers (keys) and also capitalizing them. 
```

</Hds::Table>
```

#### Complex sortable Table

> Here's a table implementation that uses an array hash with localized strings for the column headers, indicates which columns should be sortable, and adds an overflow menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s a table implementation that uses an array hash with localized strings for the column headers, indicates which columns should be sortable, and adds an overflow menu.
```
